                                                                              అందరికీ నమస్కారం.. Namaste all
This is completely modified version.Totally there are nearly 20000 words along with beautiful village only words also. format of dictionary file is as fallows


   Telugu-word | Devanagari | Actual_Synonym | Trnsltrtn1 | Trnsltrtn2(if necessary) | Trnsltrtn3(if there is a case)


So for these header words, devanagari transliteration has no ambiguity, as our indian languages all are blessed with letter for every sound. So it is included
with out any difficulty in header lines and as well as in description too.

But when transliterating into English, there is much ambiguity, due to differant models. ITRANS actually not intutive, And optitrans has again another ambiguity
as it seems to be designed for devanagari , there will be problem in Telugu due to 'Long Vowels' . like ఓ , ఏ , ఈ , ఊ, etc. So for ఈ ,there are two versions 'ii,ee'.
Same in case of 'uu,oo' . and again there is problem with Anusvaara (ं like in అంక , or अंक ). 

If letter next to  Anusvaara is from कवर्ग (కవర్గ) to तवर्ग (తవర్గ ) then it is pronounced like 'n' as of below

            అంకము         -  अंकमु  - (ankamu , not aMkamu)
            అంతము        -  अंतमु  - ( antamu , not aMtamu)
             అంజని          -  अंजनि  - ( anjani , not aMjani)

But case is differant from ప (प) to స (स) , like fallows..

            అంప     -  अंप  - ( Here 'aMpa' is good, and 'anpa' is totally distortion)
       జంబూకము   - जंबूकमु - ( 'jaMbookamu' is good, not 'janbookamu' )
             హంస    - हंस  - (' haMsa' , not 'hansa')
Ignore case of 'M', as many dictionary runners like golden dict are case insensitive in search, so no problem.

So taking all this fragmentation into account, it is not good if we provide only one transliteration, because it should be compatable with remaining dictionaries, and optitrans,
and native speaker habbits, and ease of use. But it is not needed for all words, as only some 10% of words only have these cases. remaining 90% words are same in any
english transliteration model. so i used my algorithm to detect those special cases, and only for them extra transliteration is provided. remaing all words has single one.

         " So Now dictionary is compatable with all transliteration models. "

And in discription , along with IAST, devanagari, phoneticle sounds also provided. so u can know syllables, like fallows


తెలగబలిబెలు   -  telagabalibelu -telugu-balijelu
  టాలాటోలీతనము  - ṭālāṭōlītanamu - ṭālā-ṭōlī-tanamu

you can understand differance between IAST and phoneticle. IAST is just a transliteration to write. 

like of IAST 'ṭālāṭōlītanamu'  cannot give you information on  where to stress word, and where to give gap  , and syllable seperation.

But next phonetic word 'ṭālā-ṭōlī-tanamu' gives you information how  to pronounce. so u cannot reproduce back original word from phonetic word, as so many  letters at differant
cases has same pronounciation. you can onnly use it to produuce pronounciation. where as IAST is reverssible, and it  is intended for that purpose.


And these all are presented in description only. there are -------  markers to display these, with proper  organisation, so u can easily  focus.


Here  i provided compiled dictionaries, babylon source, and  word lists.

And u can use any of these files in what ever way you want and do what you want to.

మా తెలుగు తల్లికి మల్లెపూదండ , మా కన్న తల్లికి మంగళారతులు..




















