Namaste all

It is complete telugu <==> english <==> telugu dictionary, created from wiktionary, and janapada dictionary.
all words in wiktionary contains it's translations, synonyms, etc. in description. So all those synonyms
are added to head words, so that it can facilated english or tamil word search also, and can link with janapada too,
thus works beautifully as eng-tel dictionary too. just for example search for word 'end' , it will give you some 20 words
in results with comprehensive information.

And dictionary provides, transliteration too, so that you can search by typing in transliteration.
along with english transliteration, devanagari transliteration too provided in head words.

In descrition, pronounciation, in IAST,and devanagari , etc also provided, for better understanding of non-locals.
in softwares like golden dict you can double click on any word in description to search for that word automatically,
use that feature well, as here are so many words in dictionary.

In description, along with pronounciation, these fallowing headings are also organised, with elaborate content.


1.వ్యాకరణ విశేషాలు (gramitical explanations): provides complete information possible like it's bhaasha bhaaga, it's vachan
  i.e singular or plural, and it's purusha , like prathama purusha or other like so, and so on details where ever possible.


2.అర్థ వివరణ (meaning explanation)  : explains meaning, andd how that word is formed, and sandhis,and root words 
 like so on.like if word is '14 manvantaramulu'then here, all 14 manvantaras will be listed and, formatted well.


3.సంబంధిత పదాలు(related words)  : devided into sub sections, like paryaya padaalu(synonyms),nanaardhaalu(differant meanings),
 vyatireka padaalu(opposite words),and so on. And it is very comprehensve, like for word 'ShivuDu', at total some 300 words
 which are related to shivaji are given.


4.అనువాదాలు (translations)   : where ever possible translations to other languages were given. mainly to english,
 hindi, sanskrit, tamil, kannadafor example  for word 'అమ్మ' , (mother),  all language translations are given.

5.పద ప్రయోగాలు( usage examples, theasures): nice usage examples, with, mentioning of padyas from
 golden books, movie songs, rural talks, proverbs, etc.


And along with this, for word belongs to janapada dictionary, there are numorous examples on english usage, occurances
root words, language evalution etc.
 
And like So,  so many  headings ,where ever needed.



Some searches, which may give idea about all headings

1.పదము  or padamu
2.end
3.అనంతం or anamtam
4.అమ్మ or amma
5.లెక్క or lekka
6.14 మన్వంతరాలు or '14 manvantaraalu'

And so on. these are just which i randomly searched.

Note: as it is ccombination of janapada, and wiktionary,  you may cat sources  of them to get source  for  this diccionary files.

Please provide your feed back , so that i can improve this project much more, with correcting mistakes
and improving formatting. adding new words from other dicts etc.
jai sriram _/\_
