Namaste all
It is babylon file of telugu wiktionary. Fortunately there are so many volunteers at wiktionary who are
making it a very very comprehensive . All main telugu words are presented under headings like 

1.వ్యాకరణ విశేషాలు (gramitical explanations): provides complete information possible like it's bhaasha bhaaga, it's vachan
  i.e singular or plural, and it's purusha , like prathama purusha or other like so, and so on details where ever possible.


2.అర్థ వివరణ (meaning explanation)   : explains meaning, andd how that word is formed, and sandhis, and root words like so on.like if word is '14 manvantaramulu'
  then here, all 14 manvantaras will be listed and, formatted well.


3.సంబంధిత పదాలు(related words)    : devided into sub sections, like paryaya padaalu(synonyms),nanaardhaalu(differant meanings), vyatireka padaalu(opposite words),
 and so on. And it is very comprehensve, like for word 'ShivuDu', at total some 300 words which are related to shivaji are given.


4.అనువాదాలు (translations)   : where ever possible translations to other languages were given. mainly to english, hindi, sanskrit, tamil, kannada
  for example  for word 'అమ్మ' , (mother),  all language translations are given.

5.పద ప్రయోగాలు( usage examples, theasures): nice usage examples, with, mentioning of padyas from golden books, movie songs, rural talks, proverbs, etc.
 
And like So,  so many  headings ,where ever needed.


Another main thing is , it is not only contains telugu title words,  but also some 30,000 english title words, 
from brown dictionary,, and reverse translations of them to telugu.

it totally contains more than one lakh words.And more useful  when use together with janapada dictioonary, as janapada gives very valuble information in 
english and telugu for rare words, and wiktionary explains mainly in telugu, but very comprehensively.

And even if you double click on any word in description, 90% of times it will have right word exist in dictionary, for that double clicked word.

wiktionary updates regularly thanks to volunteers, but it is impossible to update babylon file content frequently, as total one lakh  pages
have to be mirrored and processed. So i will update it contentwise once a three months. till then only improvements to present file are possible.

hope it will be useful, and please help in improving it.Sorry for bad english.


Some searches, which may give idea about all headings

1.పదము  or padamu
2.అనంతం or anamtam
3.అమ్మ or amma
4.లెక్క or lekka
5.14 మన్వంతరాలు or '14 manvantaraalu'

And so on. these are just which i randomly searched.

jai sriram _/\_
